high: needed for first prototype release

(high)
delete worker by contact_uri,
enable worker to delete themselves
this doesn't actually delete the worker,
instead it adds a "delete:true" attribute
so that they will not be contacted
by group SMS

(high)
send confirmation message to number when user is created
code added but still need to test

(high)
how to treat user when no one is available
-send notification when users are back on the system

(high) get domain so test users can see whether server is up

(high) deal with space parsing in sms commands
-spaces between items
-too many items in sms command
-how to have a space in username?

(high) ability to create "do not connect" list for each user

(high) document all configuration:
--toroid.org git hook
--server port listener setup
--local git configuration
--twilio configuration

(high) when worker answers, sometimes the beginning of the say() is cut off

(medium)
password encryption checksum:
each character [A-Za-z0-9] has an ascii value "n" and array position "x",
represent character as ((nth prime number) ^ x).  multiplying all these
character values together gives password's hash value.
e.g. "abc" would be
(97th ^ 1) * (98th ^ 2) * (99th ^ 3)
=(509^1)*(521^2)*(523^3)
=19765067212828824

(medium)
save state so that when/if server reboots, can immediately pick up without 
(medium)
change voice to something warmer

(medium)
give people each other's numbers if they both opt in?
or let them continue longer?

(medium) if no one is available, give user gather() option to continue interacting,
e.g. by recording a message

(medium) time economy:
-earning
-giving
-using

(medium) include password for git push to server

(medium) server questions:
how do I add an alias?  can I write to .bashrc?

(medium) fix error when it tries to complete an already completed task

(medium) on startup, assign random number property to each worker,
and have workflow order by this number

(medium) use md5 hash to check password, no plaintext


---done---

(high) when one participant leaves, remaining participant is routed to twiml:
say("the other participant has left the conference.  Thank you, good-bye.")
hangup()

(high) if no worker available, route caller to twilio:
say("sorry, all listeners are unavailable at this time.  Thank you, good-bye.")
then complete task

(high) when all time elapses, redirect both conference participants to twiml:
say("time's up.  Thank you, good-bye.")
hangup()
make sure that task has completed

(high) verify that add a new worker is functioning correctly

(high) match constraints from worker database table with Taskrouter worker list:
unique contact_uri

(high) validation error when worker insert fails should be more descriptive:
"Worker with this contact_uri already exists" (since assumption is anyone inserting
worker is admin with correct password)

(high) worker.create needs to return correct value

(medium) set up IVR to get time request
use task attribute to store time

(low) check if caller is in list of users

(high) how to move on to next queue after all workers in queue reject call?

(high) 
why is sms response message persisting?

(high)
worker.updateWorker is not a function

(high) if some workers are not Offline, but they are busy with other tasks, the workflow should treat them
as unavailable

(high)
is enqueue starting call after wait loop or immediately
-seems like it's starting after message informing user of wait loop

(high)
is worker receiving second call?
-doesn't seem to be, not sure why was seeing that in previous test

(high)
change random speech to random selection from text corpus

(high) verify sustained uptime 24 hr+

(high)
implement 'update' operation to update phone number in both Twilio and server database
